# AI content generator project - AutoGenerator

Generated by: Jenny

- [Python Research details](https://abconvert.atlassian.net/wiki/x/BIBYAg)
- [Generated content](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lz7rVYZJ8AenOlkshnkviznczxSe9h0bFILOU6CMTeI/edit?usp=sharing)

## Python Version: 
- v1: create an article from a link with prompt / 1.16.2024
- v2: create a general rules checking system / 1.17.2024
- v3: divide and detail rules in checking system / 1.18.2024
- v4: seperate the rules into details / 1.20.2024
- v5: Finished the checking system in the python and run in time / 1.21.2024
- v6: add blog generation and fix some bugs / 1.22.2024


## Content Generation and CSV Export

The **AutoGenerator** class is designed to automate the process of content generation based on a provided link and keyword. The generated content is then stored in an SQLite database and exported to a CSV file for easy integration with platforms like Webflow. This project utilizes the OpenAI GPT-3.5 model for efficient and dynamic content creation.

## Features

- **Content Generation**: The project leverages the `ContentCreator` class to generate informative and engaging content by utilizing a pair of link and keyword inputs.

- **Database Integration**: The generated content is stored in an SQLite database for structured data management.

- **CSV Export**: The data stored in the database can be seamlessly exported to a CSV file using the `BlogDataToCSV` class, providing a convenient way to integrate the content with various platforms.

- **Logging**: The project includes a logging mechanism to capture and log errors or successful operations during content creation and export processes. Logs are stored in the 'autogenerate.log' file.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/AutoGenerator.git
   ```
2. Install the required dependencies:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/AutoGenerator.git
   ```
3. Set up your OpenAI GPT-3.5 API key by following the instructions provided by OpenAI.
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/AutoGenerator.git
   ```
4. Update the configuration in the config.py file with your OpenAI API key.
